hello um a lot of you wanted to see a
video on my labret piercing some people
say labret some people say labret so
people say labret I've heard everything
but every professional piercer I've ever
spoken to it's pronounced it labret it's
actually not a French term I've been
over this before so I'm going to say
labret it bothers you sorry um any who's
as you guys know I had my vertical
labret piercing seen the video on that
link it blow and I really really loved
that piercing but I kept getting dead
skin like growing on the top ball and it
really like pissed me off and it wasn't
something I felt like dealing with so I
took that out and then I felt empty so I
pierced my philtrum put the video below
for that too and then I got bored and
really missed my vertical of bread but I
didn't want to like deal with that again
so I decided I would just Pierce my
regular bread and put a circular barbell
in it to kind of mimic the appearance of
a vertical a Brett so um that's what I
did
so here it is um I have I believe it's a
5/16 of an inch open it with two and a
half millimeter balls um but I did
custom bend the the ring a little bit
because um I don't want it too tight or
too loose so that's what I did um I want
I have to make it a little tighter but I
just don't want to like get end it in my
lip since it's like only a couple weeks
old well a few weeks old at this point
um anywho so it was pierced with 16
gauge and that's what it still is I
don't plan on stretching this even
though I do want to stretch labret I
would rather get it like just scalpel
because I don't like the way the
in-between sizes look a little bit but
I'm really happy with it it's a really
easy piercing to have it only took maybe
it took less than a week for all the
swelling and pain to go away I had a
pretty large ring in it but I was able
to switch that out after like
two weeks it's not recommended to do
that you should definitely wait till
it's completely healed which is normally
like you know four to six weeks and have
a professional do it for you but since I
have so much experience with it I was
able to change it myself after two weeks
but and recommend that for everyone and
the way I cleaned it was very simple um
just put h2 ocean which is sea salt
solution on a q-tip and did the outside
and then sprayed it on the inside kind
of like slush turn around my mouth and
spit it out they say to use mouthwash
after each meal and stuff I don't do
that just because it's too harsh on my
piercings even the alcohol-free
dries them out so I just use sea salt
that's like my tried-and-true aftercare
product for all of my piercings so
that's that and on a pain scale it was
like a three out of ten for baby might
hurt more afterwards like with the
swelling and stuff but it was pretty
much nothing and it was an easy piercing
and I do it over and over again if I had
to and it's um it doesn't bug me not yet
anyway
so yeah I hope that answered your
questions I'm not sure what else you
want to know about it there's really not
much to say just you know standard
labret piercing so yeah and and there
wasn't really much to our tissue from my
bird glow Brett and so it was all good
and that's it thank you guys for
watching I hope this helped bye